Teacher Sun Chinese New Year
My dad gave you some of Otto's electric fans
Chen Yang, yes, yes, yes.
Still so handsome, hahahaha.
Mr. Sun
My dad gave me a refrigerator back then
Li Yi oops
Slim and graceful, hahaha teacher
I gave you a teacup.
The teacher can't remember
Teachers don't hold grudges
You are all my good students
Mr. Si, my name is Li De
My name is Li Dejiao now.
Hey, sit down, sit down
Everybody sit down.
In fact, your class
I am most impressed
It's still that second fool Chu Chen
I heard recently that he has turned green
Hahahaha, oh yes.
I heard about that too.
His wife ran away with someone else
He didn't dare to fart.
him
He's just a wimp in our Haicheng No. 1 Middle School
That's right
He's not just a loser
Still a green turtle
So what shall we call him?
Just a green turtle, useless
Hahahahaha oops
That's a shame
Who are you talking about?
Why is the green turtle still angry?
I'm so scared.
You dare to bump into Li Yi
Do you know who Li Yi is now?
Apologize soon
The master and minister are getting more and more outrageous